- [Instructor] Let's take an overview
of Essential Spring Integration components.
We will also explore some application design patterns
that Spring Integration upholds.
The most fundamental component of any messaging framework,
including of course, Spring Integration,
but also any homegrown or language specialized framework,
is the message itself.
We should think of a message as a discreet unit
of information exchanged by participants
in the business logic of an application.
In Spring Integration, the message channel is the component
that is responsible for transmitting messages.
A channel can be compared to a conduit,
or a pathway, or a pipe.
The essential point is that when we have components
of an application that need to share information,
it is the channel that transmits the information
in the form of a message.
An endpoint is made up of one or more components.
And it manages message delivery
in a way that meets the design needs of the application.
Endpoints act as a conceptual interface
between the messaging framework
and the core application functionality.
The term end point is a broad descriptor of behavior.
In fact, the role of endpoint in Spring Integration
is fulfilled by a wide variety of interfaces
and implementations.
Finally, we should not overlook
naming the Java Virtual Machine itself
as an essential component in a Spring Integration project.
Being interested in delivering integrations
between network enterprise components
we must consider the boundaries of the JVM runtime
as an essential delineation in the overall system.
Messages, channels, and endpoints
are all under consideration in the industry standard book,
Enterprise Integration Patterns.
This book has been seminal
in the software industry trend over the past decade
toward distributed message-based application architectures.
Spring Integration is explicit in its promotion
of best practices as set forth in this book.
Using interface contractual definitions,
and also explicit out of the box implementations,
Spring Integration helps the Java developer
uphold best software design practices
in a message-based microservice distributed context.
Let's set up the rest of our learning in this course
by reviewing three more
important software design principles.
Loosely coupled describes the case where the dependencies
of every component are loose
and contractual rather than hardwired.
This makes things swappable
and allows for low-risk responsiveness
to changing requirements and external constraints.
Separation of concerns is a by-product
of a loosely coupled system
and means that the responsibilities of each component
are clearly delineated and enforced.
This allows for excellent system qualities
like design clarity, and testing efficiency.
And when you achieve number one and two,
the third follows closely,
reuse and portability allows the development team
to package and reuse their Spring Integration
implementations in ways that support
the entire enterprise over time.